now the Ark of the Lord was in the
now the Ark of the Lord was in the country of the Philistines seven months
country of the Philistines seven months
country of the Philistines seven months and the Philistines called for the
and the Philistines called for the
and the Philistines called for the priests and the dividers what shall we
priests and the dividers what shall we
priests and the dividers what shall we do with the Ark of the Lord tell us how
do with the Ark of the Lord tell us how
do with the Ark of the Lord tell us how we should send it to its place
we should send it to its place
we should send it to its place if you send away the Ark of the God of
if you send away the Ark of the God of
if you send away the Ark of the God of Israel do not send it empty but by all
Israel do not send it empty but by all
Israel do not send it empty but by all means return it to him with a trespass
means return it to him with a trespass
means return it to him with a trespass offering then you will be healed and it
offering then you will be healed and it
offering then you will be healed and it will be known to you why his hand is not
will be known to you why his hand is not
will be known to you why his hand is not removed from you
removed from you
removed from you what is the trespass offering which we
what is the trespass offering which we
what is the trespass offering which we shall return to him five golden tumors
shall return to him five golden tumors
shall return to him five golden tumors and five golden rats according to the
and five golden rats according to the
and five golden rats according to the number of the Lords of the Philistines
number of the Lords of the Philistines
number of the Lords of the Philistines for the same leg was on all of you and
for the same leg was on all of you and
for the same leg was on all of you and on your Lords therefore you shall make
on your Lords therefore you shall make
on your Lords therefore you shall make images of your tumors and images of your
images of your tumors and images of your
images of your tumors and images of your rats that ravage the land and you shall
rats that ravage the land and you shall
rats that ravage the land and you shall give glory to the God of Israel perhaps
give glory to the God of Israel perhaps
give glory to the God of Israel perhaps he will lighten his hand from you from
he will lighten his hand from you from
he will lighten his hand from you from your gods and from your land why then do
your gods and from your land why then do
your gods and from your land why then do you harden your hearts as the Egyptians
you harden your hearts as the Egyptians
you harden your hearts as the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts when
and Pharaoh hardened their hearts when
and Pharaoh hardened their hearts when he did mighty things among them did they
he did mighty things among them did they
he did mighty things among them did they not let the people go that they might
not let the people go that they might
not let the people go that they might depart now therefore make a new cart
depart now therefore make a new cart
depart now therefore make a new cart take two milk cows which have never been
take two milk cows which have never been
take two milk cows which have never been yoked and hitched the cows to the cart
yoked and hitched the cows to the cart
yoked and hitched the cows to the cart and take their calves home away from
and take their calves home away from
and take their calves home away from them then take the Ark of the Lord and
them then take the Ark of the Lord and
them then take the Ark of the Lord and set it on the cart
set it on the cart
set it on the cart and put the articles of gold which you
and put the articles of gold which you
and put the articles of gold which you are returning to him as a trespass
are returning to him as a trespass
are returning to him as a trespass offering in a chest by its side then
offering in a chest by its side then
offering in a chest by its side then send it away and let it go and watch if
send it away and let it go and watch if
send it away and let it go and watch if it goes up the road to its own territory
it goes up the road to its own territory
it goes up the road to its own territory to Beth Shemesh then he has done us this
to Beth Shemesh then he has done us this
to Beth Shemesh then he has done us this great evil but if not then we shall know
great evil but if not then we shall know
great evil but if not then we shall know that it is not his hand that struck us
that it is not his hand that struck us
that it is not his hand that struck us it happened to us by chance then the men
it happened to us by chance then the men
it happened to us by chance then the men did so they took two milk cows and
did so they took two milk cows and
did so they took two milk cows and hitched them to the cart and shut up
hitched them to the cart and shut up
hitched them to the cart and shut up their calves at home and they set the
their calves at home and they set the
their calves at home and they set the Ark of the Lord on the cart and the
Ark of the Lord on the cart and the
Ark of the Lord on the cart and the chest with the gold rats and the images
chest with the gold rats and the images
chest with the gold rats and the images of their tumors then the cows headed
of their tumors then the cows headed
of their tumors then the cows headed straight for the road to best shemish
straight for the road to best shemish
straight for the road to best shemish and went along the highway
and went along the highway
and went along the highway lowing as they went and did not turn
lowing as they went and did not turn
lowing as they went and did not turn aside to the right hand or the left and
aside to the right hand or the left and
aside to the right hand or the left and the Lords of the Philistines went after
the Lords of the Philistines went after
the Lords of the Philistines went after them to the border of best shemish
them to the border of best shemish
them to the border of best shemish the people of Beth Shemesh were reaping
the people of Beth Shemesh were reaping
the people of Beth Shemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the valley and
their wheat harvest in the valley and
their wheat harvest in the valley and they lifted their eyes and saw the ark
they lifted their eyes and saw the ark
they lifted their eyes and saw the ark and rejoiced to see then the cart came
and rejoiced to see then the cart came
and rejoiced to see then the cart came into the field of Joshua of Beth Shemesh
into the field of Joshua of Beth Shemesh
into the field of Joshua of Beth Shemesh in stood there the large stone was there
in stood there the large stone was there
in stood there the large stone was there so they split the wood of the cart and
so they split the wood of the cart and
so they split the wood of the cart and offered the cows as a burnt offering to
offered the cows as a burnt offering to
offered the cows as a burnt offering to the Lord
the Lord
the Lord the Levites took down the Ark of the
the Levites took down the Ark of the
the Levites took down the Ark of the Lord and the chest that was with in
Lord and the chest that was with in
Lord and the chest that was with in which were the articles of gold and put
which were the articles of gold and put
which were the articles of gold and put them on the large stone then the men of
them on the large stone then the men of
them on the large stone then the men of best shemish offered burnt offerings and
best shemish offered burnt offerings and
best shemish offered burnt offerings and made sacrifices the same day to the Lord
made sacrifices the same day to the Lord
made sacrifices the same day to the Lord so when the five Lords of the
so when the five Lords of the
so when the five Lords of the Philistines had seen it they returned to
Philistines had seen it they returned to
Philistines had seen it they returned to eccrine the same day these are the
eccrine the same day these are the
eccrine the same day these are the golden tumors which the Philistines
golden tumors which the Philistines
golden tumors which the Philistines returned as a trespass offering to the
returned as a trespass offering to the
returned as a trespass offering to the Lord
Lord
Lord one for Ashdod one for Gaza one for
one for Ashdod one for Gaza one for
one for Ashdod one for Gaza one for Ashkelon one for Gath
Ashkelon one for Gath
Ashkelon one for Gath one for Accra and the golden rats
one for Accra and the golden rats
one for Accra and the golden rats according to the number of all the
according to the number of all the
according to the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to
cities of the Philistines belonging to
cities of the Philistines belonging to the five Lords for fortified cities and
the five Lords for fortified cities and
the five Lords for fortified cities and country villages even as far as the
country villages even as far as the
country villages even as far as the large stone of Abel on which they set
large stone of Abel on which they set
large stone of Abel on which they set the Ark of the Lord which stone remains
the Ark of the Lord which stone remains
the Ark of the Lord which stone remains to this day in the field of Joshua of
to this day in the field of Joshua of
to this day in the field of Joshua of Beth Shemesh then he struck the men of
Beth Shemesh then he struck the men of
Beth Shemesh then he struck the men of beth shemesh because they had looked
beth shemesh because they had looked
beth shemesh because they had looked into the park of the Lord he struck
into the park of the Lord he struck
into the park of the Lord he struck fifty thousand and seventy men of the
fifty thousand and seventy men of the
fifty thousand and seventy men of the people and the people lamented because
people and the people lamented because
people and the people lamented because the Lord had struck the people with a
the Lord had struck the people with a
the Lord had struck the people with a good slaughter and the men of beth
good slaughter and the men of beth
good slaughter and the men of beth shemesh said who is able to stand before
shemesh said who is able to stand before
shemesh said who is able to stand before this holy Lord God and to whom shall it
this holy Lord God and to whom shall it
this holy Lord God and to whom shall it go up from us so they sent messengers to
go up from us so they sent messengers to
go up from us so they sent messengers to the inhabitants of courage as ji'er
the inhabitants of courage as ji'er
the inhabitants of courage as ji'er the Philistines have brought back the
the Philistines have brought back the
the Philistines have brought back the Ark of the Lord come down and take it up
Ark of the Lord come down and take it up
Ark of the Lord come down and take it up with you